Update egressgateway README (#905)
spidernet-io/egressgateway: README.md

![badge](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://gist.githubusercontent.com/bzsuni/cc6d42eb27d8ee4c3d19c936eff2c478/raw/egressgatewaye2e.json)
[![OpenSSF Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/7410/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/7410)

English | [简体中文](docs/README.zh.md)

## About

> EgressGateway is a egress policy solution designed for Kubernetes clusters, with a primary focus on managing the egress traffic of Pods to external networks. It addresses challenges related to inter-cluster communication, egress policy control, and high availability. Additionally, it offers support for various network solutions and custom resource definitions (CRDs), enabling users to configure and manage egress policies with flexibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EgressGateway is an egress policy solution designed for Kubernetes clusters, with a primary focus on managing the egress traffic from Pods to external networks. It addresses challenges related to cross-cluster communication, egress policy control, and high availability. Additionally, it offers support for various network solutions and custom resource definitions (CRDs), enabling users to configure and manage egress policies with flexibility.
```

## Architecture

![Architecture](images/architecture01.png)

## Why EgressGateway

> ### Support a range of features and advantages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Provide a Range of Features and Advantages
```
标题建议首字母大写，下同

* Solve IPv4 IPv6 dual-stack connectivity,ensuring seamless communication across different protocol stacks.
* Solve the high availability of Egress Nodes, ensuring network connectivity remains unaffected by single-point failures.

> * Support finer-grained policy control, allowing flexible filtering of Pods' Egress policies, including Destination CIDR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support fine-grained policy control, allowing flexible filtering of Pods' Egress policies, including Destination CIDR.
```

> ![badge](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://gist.githubusercontent.com/bzsuni/cc6d42eb27d8ee4c3d19c936eff2c478/raw/egressgatewaye2e.json)

Reviewer 2: 缺省一个首页版 的 readme

[![OpenSSF Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/7410/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/7410)

## About

> EgressGateway is a network management tool designed for Kubernetes clusters, with a primary focus on managing the egress traffic of Pods to external networks. It addresses challenges related to inter-cluster communication, egress policy control, and high availability. Additionally, it offers support for various network solutions and custom resource definitions (CRDs), enabling users to configure and manage egress policies with flexibility.

Reviewer 2: is a network management tool designed for Kubernetes clusters, with a primary  
----------- 可以直接了当表明就是个 egress policy solution ， network management tool 说高了

> 

Reviewer 2: 此处有个 产品架构图

Author: 还没画好

## Why EgressGateway

### Support a range of features and advantages

> * Address IPv4 and IPv6 dual-stack connectivity issues, ensuring seamless communication across different protocol stacks.

Reviewer 2: 这些功能点总结 感觉很散，不成体系

Author: 原有的功能特性没变，扩展做了些补充，如果不需要，改回原来的简约版

  
* Resolve high availability concerns for Egress nodes, ensuring network connectivity remains unaffected by single-point failures.

* Provide finer-grained policy control, allowing flexible filtering of Pods' Egress policies, including Destination CIDR.

* Support application-level control, allowing EgressGateway to filter Egress applications (Pods) for precise management of specific application outbound traffic.

* Compatible with lower kernel versions, making EgressGateway suitable for various Kubernetes deployment environments.

* Support multiple Egress gateway instances, capable of handling communication between multiple network partitions or clusters.

* Offer namespace-level Egress IP support.

* Enable automatic detection of Egress gateway policies for cluster traffic, simplifying traffic management and configuration.

* Provide namespace default Egress instances.

### Compatible with the following network solutions

> * Calico

Reviewer 2: 这些 cni 应该都是带官方 链接的

* Flannel
* Weave
* Spiderpool

> You can follow the [Get Started](https://spidernet-io.github.io/egressgateway/usage/Install) to set up your own playground!

Reviewer 2: 删除，与 get started 重

## Architecture

> <img src="./docs/proposal/03-egress-ip/arch.png" width="100%"></img>

Reviewer 2: 这张图不知道想表达什么，上面有一些 1 2 3 4 5 不知道什么意思

Author: 原有的架构图，参考：https://github.com/spidernet-io/egressgateway/blob/main/docs/concepts/Architecture.zh.md

做补充说明或者此处删除？

The architecture consists of two parts: the control plane and the data plane. The control plane comprises four control loops, while the data plane consists of three control loops. The control plane is deployed using the Deployment method, supporting high availability with multiple replicas, and the data plane is deployed using DaemonSet.

> 

Reviewer 2: 此处应该有个 详细产品设计页面的跳转链接

Author: 架构图重新设计后加上

> ## To start using EgressGateway

Reviewer 2: Get started

Please refer to the [development documentation](https://spidernet-io.github.io/egressgateway/v0.2/reference/EgressTunnel/).

> Please refer to the [installation guide](https://spidernet-io.github.io/egressgateway/v0.2/usage/Install/).

Reviewer 2: 这里的链接不应该是 版本耦合的
